How to set up the current version of the system:

Make sure you have the latest version of NodeJS LTS installed.
Make sure you have the arduino IDE installed.

SETUP CODE ON THE ARDUINO:

To setup your arduino for use do the following:

Download the arduino IDE
Download the project from out github
In the Arduino IDE open the arduino-component folder, from the project.

Make sure your Arduino is connected to your pc via USB
Go to Tools > Board and select your Arduino model (e.g. Arduino Uno Wifi R2).
Go to Tools > Port and select the port your Arduino is plugged into (It will say Arduino... next to it.)
Click the Upload button (the right-pointing arrow in the top left corner). Wait a few seconds for the bottom console to say "Done uploading."
Shit is now burned on the IDE

SETUP SERVER VIA NODEJS:

Install the packages you need. Use the cd command to navigate into the folder Bachelor-project/arduino-sensor-server/
Run: npm ci (this install the packages needed to run the server and get info from the arduino over your USB)
Line 12 might have an issue where your port name is wrong. if it gives error You can check your Arduino IDE (Tools > Port) to find the exact name. (In Windows it will prob be 'COM3' or smth)
Now check that you are in your arduino-sensor-server
Run this command in terminal: node server.js
If you close the terminal then you will execute the process e.g. closing the node server, so only do that if you're done running the program.

OPEN THE DASHBOARD REACT WEBSITE:

Open a new terminal/powershell window
Usee the cd command to navigate into the folder: Bachelor-project/arduino-weather/

IMPORTANT:
If it is the first time you're setting the system up you will need to run the following command in the Bachelor-project/arduino-weather/ folder: npm ci.

Once you're in the Bachelor-project/arduino-weather/ folder, run the following command: npm run dev
This will give you an adress in your terminal along the lines of: http://localhost/{PORT}.
Copy this into your webbrowser and it will open the dashboard website.


